test: e2e ZITADEL ui (#2413)
caos/zitadel: guides/quickstart.md

* [Compose V2]((https://docs.docker.com/compose/cli-command/), Version 2.2.2

### Environment Variables

In order to use Docker and Compose with buildkit enabled, export two environment variables for your current shell:

```bash
$ export DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 
$ export COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1
```

## Starting ZITADEL

You can start ZITADEL with a simple docker compose up.

The services are configured to restart if an error occurs.

In the following script the basic setup of the database is executed before ZITADEL starts. Execute the statement from the root of ZITADEL.

You can connect to [ZITADEL on localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) after the frontend compiled successfully. Initially it takes several minutes to start all containers.

```bash
$ docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml --profile backend --profile frontend up --detach
```

## Developing ZITADEL

If you want to make changes to ZITADEL, we recommend running the end-to-end tests against it. 

### Test Prerequisites

Additionally to the prerequsites described [above](#prerequisites), the end-to-end tests are know to work with the following dependencies:

* NodeJS, Version 14.17.6

> * NPM, Version 6.14.15

Reviewer: WSL 2 also requires `sudo apt-get install -y gconf-service libasound2 libatk1.0-0 libc6 libcairo2 libcups2 libdbus-1-3 libexpat1 libfontconfig1 libgcc1 libgconf-2-4 libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0 libglib2.0-0 libgtk-3-0 libnspr4 libpango-1.0-0 libpangocairo-1.0-0 libstdc++6 libx11-6 libx11-xcb1 libxcb1 libxcomposite1 libxcursor1 libxdamage1 libxext6 libxfixes3 libxi6 libxrandr2 libxrender1 libxss1 libxtst6 ca-certificates fonts-liberation libappindicator1 libnss3 lsb-release xdg-utils wget libgbm-dev
`

### Running End-to-End Tests

Create all objects in your local ZITADEL needed to run the end-to-end tests. The setup command may take several minutes because it awaits eventual consistency but you only have to execute it once. 

```bash
$ # Generate grpc stubs if you haven't done so already
$ docker build -f build/zitadel/Dockerfile . -t zitadel:gen-be --target go-copy -o .

> $ ./scripts/e2e-setup.sh

Reviewer: @eliobischof well I am already stuck here...

> $ ./scripts/e2e-setup.sh

Reviewer: It creates an empty .keys folder 😁

> $ ./scripts/e2e-setup.sh

Reviewer: Maybe a complete reinstall of go can solve this 🤷

> $ ./scripts/e2e-setup.sh

Reviewer: Complete reinstall did something

<img width="718" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9879976/153069378-e9b69125-ef9c-4629-965d-b3918a5c2574.png">

> $ ./scripts/e2e-setup.sh

Reviewer: To me it is not clear enough that before running the e2e test you need to run `docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml --profile backend --profile frontend up --detach` maybe we can improve this to make it clear to anybody

> $ ./scripts/e2e-setup.sh

Reviewer: <img width="468" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9879976/153070765-483a67c9-df62-4d5e-8138-862ac480aeb0.png">

<img width="331" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9879976/153070795-6dd31221-2cb2-446b-9f7a-f54e65a33679.png">

> $ ./scripts/e2e-setup.sh

Reviewer: while zitadel is running the e2e run does not find the file 🤷

You can connect to [ZITADEL on localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) after the frontend compiled  successfully. Initially it takes several minutes to start all containers.

<a name="compose-services"></a>
```bash
$ COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1 DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml --profile backend --profile frontend up --build. Setting everything up takes about 5 minutes.
```

## Developing ZITADEL

> Instead of the profiles backend and frondend as described [above](#compose-services), use the profile e2e and detach from containers. Setting everything up takes about 15 minutes. This also initializes data needed by Cypress end-to-end tests. 

Author: > Why is a manual detach necessary, when started with `-d` this should happen immediately.

Why manual? The command below has the -d flag... I just described what it does.

> Instead of the profiles backend and frondend as described [above](#compose-services), use the profile e2e and detach from containers. Setting everything up takes about 15 minutes. This also initializes data needed by Cypress end-to-end tests. 

Author: ```suggestion
Instead of the profiles backend and frondend as described [above](#compose-services), use the profile e2e and detach from containers. The e2e profile includes the backend and frontend profiles plus adds the e2e-setup service which prepares the environment for end-to-end tests. Setting everything up takes about 15 minutes. 
```

<a name="compose-e2e"></a>
```bash
$ COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1 DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml --profile e2e up -d --build
```

> In the meantime, ensure that you have installed the node and npm versions that are known to work for the test suite:

Reviewer: Please include a subheading for the prerequisite I still think this are not the only once.

- Docker
- Compose
- Node
- ...

```bash
$ node --version
v14.17.6

$ npm --version
6.14.15
```

Ater the *e2e-setup* container exited successfully, you are finally ready to launch the Cypress test suite:

```bash
$ # Change directory to ./console
$ cd ./console

$ # Install dev dependencies if you haven't done so already
$ npm install --only development

$ # Run all end-to-end tests
$ ./cypress.sh open local_local.env

$ # Or open the end-to-end test suite interactively

> $ ./cypress.sh open local_local.env

Reviewer: Cant we start this with `npm e2e local` it might make more sense to include those commands into the `package.json`
